Bump sane-pdf-report docker image (#34539)
demisto/content: Packs/Base/ReleaseNotes/1_34_7.md

#### Scripts

##### SanePdfReports

- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/sane-pdf-reports:1.0.0.95847*.

> - Fixed an issue where SLA fields were missing information in table sections when exported in CSV format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where SLA fields would be missing information from table sections when exported in CSV format.
```

Author: updated, thanks!
